We built the Bhagavad Gita Hindi Audio app (the "App") as a Free app. This SERVICE is provided by us at no cost and is intended for use as is.
​This page is used to inform visitors regarding our policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use our Service.
​If you choose to use our Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy. The Personal Information that we collect is used for providing and improving the Service. We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.
​Information Collection and Use
​1. Personal Data
We do not collect, store, or transmit any personally identifiable information (such as your name, address, phone number, or location) to any external server.
​2. Local Data Storage
The App stores certain preferences and data locally on your device to improve your user experience. This includes:

​Bookmarks: To remember the last Shloka you read.
​App Settings: Such as text size preferences, language selection, and theme (Dark/Light mode).
​Note: This data is stored exclusively on your device inside the app's private storage (SharedPreferences) and is never shared with us or any third parties. If you uninstall the app, this data is deleted.

​3. Audio & Media
The App plays audio files. These interactions are processed locally on your device. We do not record or upload your listening habits.
​Service Providers
The App uses third-party services that may collect information used to identify you (e.g., for crash reporting or app functionality).
Link to privacy policy of third-party service providers used by the app:

​Google Play Services

​Log Data
We want to inform you that whenever you use our Service, in a case of an error in the app we may collect data and information (through third party products) on your phone called Log Data. This Log Data may include information such as your device Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, device name, operating system version, the configuration of the app when utilizing our Service, the time and date of your use of the Service, and other statistics.
​Cookies
This Service does not use these “cookies” explicitly. However, the app may use third party code and libraries that use “cookies” to collect information and improve their services. You have the option to either accept or refuse these cookies and know when a cookie is being sent to your device.
​Security
We value your trust in providing us your Personal Information, thus we are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it.
These Services do not address anyone under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13. In the case we discover that a child under 13 has provided us with personal information, we immediately delete this from our servers. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact us so that we will be able to do necessary actions.
​Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. These changes are effective immediately after they are posted on this page.
​Contact Us
If you have any questions or suggestions about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us at sigmastroke101@gmail.com.
